+++
markets = ["au"]
title = '''AU Welcome 010 All'''

[[module]]
path='email_modules/preheader'
color='''nothing'''

	preheader=''''''

[[module]] #Header Logo
path='email_modules/header/logo'
color='white'

	image = '''white'''
	url_link = '''http://www.ford.com.au/?emailid=20150918-0101_HeaderFordLogo_WelcomeNewSep_Generic_0_FOA'''


[[module]] #Cover 01
path='email_modules/cover/01'
color='''slatescreen'''
 
	title='''Hi<br /><%${user.CustomAttribute['FullName']}%><br />We hope you're enjoying the ride.'''
	copy='''From all the team at Ford, we'd like to say a big THANK YOU for choosing a Ford #VehicleMarketingName#.'''
	
 
	[[module]] #Cover 01
path='email_modules/cover/01'
color='''slatescreen'''
 
	title='''Hi<br /><%${user.CustomAttribute['FullName']}%><br />The journey continues'''
	copy='''From all the team at Ford, we'd like to say a big THANK YOU for choosing another Ford.'''
	
	
[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm1_cover_20161018'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''

[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm5_everest_award_20161013'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''

[[module]] #Cover 11
path='email_modules/cover/03'
color='''white'''
	
	copy='''We are proud to announce that the Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> you are driving has won the 2015 Drive Car of The Year award for its category.<br /><br />But our job isn't done now that you're on the road. At Ford we like to look after our owners, so we provide our Service Guarantee for added peace-of-mind.<br /><br />You get State Auto Club Roadside Assistance and Membership¹ for up to 7 years from Autoclub participating dealers. But the service doesn't stop there. Ford also has a Free Loan Car program², so we can keep you on the road whilst your car is being serviced.<br /><br />Best of all, you'll enjoy all of the above service guarantee benefits as you have selected 3 years of free servicing³ for your new Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> with our recent Save Now/Save Later promotion. Simply book an appointment with your local Ford Dealership when your Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> is due for service.<br /><br />'''

[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm5_focus_award_20161013'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''

[[module]] #Cover 11
path='email_modules/cover/03'
color='''white'''
	
	copy='''We are proud to announce that the Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> you are driving has won the 2015 Drive Car of The Year award for its category.<br /><br />But our job isn't done now that you're on the road. At Ford we like to look after our owners, so we provide our Service Guarantee for added peace-of-mind.<br /><br />You get State Auto Club Roadside Assistance and Membership¹ for up to 7 years from Autoclub participating dealers. But the service doesn't stop there. Ford also has a Free Loan Car program², so we can keep you on the road whilst your car is being serviced.<br /><br />Best of all, you'll enjoy all of the above service guarantee benefits as you have selected 3 years of free servicing³ for your new Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> with our recent Save Now/Save Later promotion. Simply book an appointment with your local Ford Dealership when your Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> is due for service.<br /><br />'''
	
[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm1_focusST_award_20161018'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''
	
	[[module]] #Cover 11
	path='email_modules/cover/03'
	color='''white'''
	
	copy='''We are proud to announce that the Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> you are driving has won the 2015 Drive Car of The Year award for its category.<br /><br />But our job isn't done now that you're on the road. At Ford we like to look after our owners, so we provide our Service Guarantee for added peace-of-mind.<br /><br />You get State Auto Club Roadside Assistance and Membership¹ for up to 7 years from Autoclub participating dealers. But the service doesn't stop there. Ford also has a Free Loan Car program², so we can keep you on the road whilst your car is being serviced.<br /><br />Best of all, you'll enjoy all of the above service guarantee benefits as you have selected 3 years of free servicing³ for your new Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> with our recent Save Now/Save Later promotion. Simply book an appointment with your local Ford Dealership when your Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> is due for service.<br /><br />'''
	
	[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm5_mondeo_award_20161013'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''
	
	[[module]] #Cover 11
path='email_modules/cover/03'
color='''white'''
	
	copy='''We are proud to announce that the Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> you are driving has won the 2015 Drive Car of The Year award for its category.<br /><br />But our job isn't done now that you're on the road. At Ford we like to look after our owners, so we provide our Service Guarantee for added peace-of-mind.<br /><br />You get State Auto Club Roadside Assistance and Membership¹ for up to 7 years from Autoclub participating dealers. But the service doesn't stop there. Ford also has a Free Loan Car program², so we can keep you on the road whilst your car is being serviced.<br /><br />Best of all, you'll enjoy all of the above service guarantee benefits as you have selected 3 years of free servicing³ for your new Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> with our recent Save Now/Save Later promotion. Simply book an appointment with your local Ford Dealership when your Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> is due for service.<br /><br />'''
	
	[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm5_ranger_award2_20161013'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''
	
	[[module]] #Cover 11
path='email_modules/cover/03'
color='''white'''
	
	copy='''We are proud to announce that the Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> you are driving has won both the 2015 CarSales and 2015 Drive Car of The Year award for its category.<br /><br />But our job isn't done now that you're on the road. At Ford we like to look after our owners, so we provide our Service Guarantee for added peace-of-mind.<br /><br />You get State Auto Club Roadside Assistance and Membership¹ for up to 7 years from Autoclub participating dealers. But the service doesn't stop there. Ford also has a Free Loan Car program², so we can keep you on the road whilst your car is being serviced.<br /><br />Best of all, you'll enjoy all of the above service guarantee benefits as you have selected 3 years of free servicing³ for your new Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> with our recent Save Now/Save Later promotion. Simply book an appointment with your local Ford Dealership when your Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> is due for service.<br /><br />'''
	
	[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm5_ranger_award_20161013'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''
	
	[[module]] #Cover 11
path='email_modules/cover/03'
color='''white'''
	
	copy='''We are proud to announce that the Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> you are driving has won the 2015 CarSales Car of The Year award for its category.<br /><br />But our job isn't done now that you're on the road. At Ford we like to look after our owners, so we provide our Service Guarantee for added peace-of-mind.<br /><br />You get State Auto Club Roadside Assistance and Membership¹ for up to 7 years from Autoclub participating dealers. But the service doesn't stop there. Ford also has a Free Loan Car program², so we can keep you on the road whilst your car is being serviced.<br /><br />Best of all, you'll enjoy all of the above service guarantee benefits as you have selected 3 years of free servicing³ for your new Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> with our recent Save Now/Save Later promotion. Simply book an appointment with your local Ford Dealership when your Ford <%${user.CustomAttribute['Model']}%> is due for service.<br /><br /><br /><br />'''
	
	
	
	[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm1_cover3_20161018'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''
	
	[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm1_cover4_20161018'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''
	
[[module]] #Cover 01
path='email_modules/cover/01'
color='white'

	title='''Ranger Accessories '''
	copy='''Now that you have your Ranger,we'd like to help you make the most out of your new truck. <br /><br /><a href="http://www.ford.com.au/commercial/ranger/smart-accessories" style="text-decoration:underline; color:#91a4b1"> Ford Genuine Accessories </a>are designed to fit perfectly and integrate seamlessly with Ranger's safety systems.So whether you need a soft tonneau cover to protect your cargo or a towpack for your weekend adventure, check out our range of extras that will help take your Ranger to the next level.'''
	cta1_text='''Find Out More'''
	cta1_url='''http://www.ford.com.au/commercial/ranger/smart-accessories'''
	cta1_link_name = '''link_name_here'''
	cta1_icon='''more'''

[[module]] #Banner Image
path='email_modules/image/banner'
color='white'

	image='''au_edm1_cover2_20161018'''
	url_link='''http://google.com'''

[[module]] #AU FordOwner Resources
path='email_modules/custom/fordowner_resources'
color='white'

	title = '''Ford Owner Resources'''
	copy1 = '''Ford offers two ways to access helpful resources and information anywhere you go. <br /><br />You can visit the <span style="front-weight: bold;">Ford Owners Website</span> online at any time to view videos, check for vehicle updates, or find your closest service centre. Register quickly and easily: Assign a nickname to your Ford #VehicleMarketingName# and enter your Vehicle Identification Number #VIN#'''
		copy2 = '''You can also download the <span style="front-weight: bold;">Ford Owners Website</span> to your mobile device for instant access on-the-go. <br /><br />'''
	cta1_text='''Visit Ford Owners Website'''
	cta1_url='''https://www.ford.com.au/owner?emailid=20150918-0102_CTAVisitFordOwners_WelcomeNewSep_Generic_0_FOA'''
	cta2_text='''iOS'''
	cta2_url='''https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/ford-owners/id990342351?mt=8'''
	cta3_text='''Android'''
	cta3_url='''https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ford.fordowners&hl=en'''
	cta1_icon='''more'''

[[module]] #Cover 01
path='email_modules/cover/01'
color='''fordblue'''

	icon='''au_edm1_welcome_icon_20161019'''
	title='''Can we help?'''
	copy='''
If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact <br /><br />#DealerName# on #DealerPhone# or 13 FORD (13 36 73)'''

[[module]] #Footer AU Social
path='email_modules/footer/au/social'
color='white'

[[module]] #Footer Disclaimer
path='email_modules/footer/disclaimer'
color='white'

	text = '''DISCLAIMERS:	
				<br /> <br />
				1) Private and Blue Business Fleet customers only at participating Dealers who have not reached 7 years or 105,000 kms. State Auto Club Roadside Assistance & Membership is provided at no cost with the first seven standard services for 12 months or until your next eligible standard service (whichever occurs first). Standard services include all A and B logbook services. Customers must comply with scheduled servicing intervals to maintain continuity of membership. See<a href="http://www.ford.com.au/service/t-and-c?emailid=20150918-0103_DisclaimerTC_WelcomeNewSep_Generic_0_FOA" style="text-decoration:underline; color:#91a4b1">www.ford.com.au/service/t-and-c</a> for full terms.<br /><br />
				2) Available at participating dealers on scheduled services or overnight warranty repairs. Private and Blue, Silver and Gold Business Fleet customers only. Booking may be required. See<a href="http://www.ford.com.au/service/t-and-c?emailid=20150918-0103_DisclaimerTC_WelcomeNewSep_Generic_0_FOA" style="text-decoration:underline; color:#91a4b1">www.ford.com.au/service/t-and-c</a> for full terms.<br /><br />
				3) Service offer available for up to three standard scheduled services (15,000km/12 month, 30,000km/12 month and 45,000km/12 month from the Service Guide) to be provided free subject to complying with scheduled servicing intervals.'''
			


[[module]] #Footer AU Online
path='email_modules/footer/au/online'
color='white'
+++